DOCS-523 - Strict signal custom insights (#5108)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/configure-custom-insight.md

This lets you choose how you want to define a custom insight. You can specify that the insight should be generated each time:

* Signals whose name matches a specified wildcard expression are fired. 
* One or more selected rules fire a signal.

Which method should you use? The difference is whether you’re going to create an insight based on the name of the signal that was fired, or based on the name of the rule that fired the signal. 

Typically, signals that a rule generates have the same name as the rule. That is not the case with Cloud SIEM’s normalized rules. That’s because normalized rules, for example [normalized threat rules](/docs/cse/rules/normalized-threat-rules/), are written to work with multiple data sources. The names of the signals that a normalized rule fires vary by data source. So, if you want your custom insight configuration to generate insights for signals fired by normalized rules, you should base it on signal names, rather than rule names.

## When are custom insights generated?

### For each involved entity

> By default, when the conditions of a custom insight configuration are met during the currently configured [detection window](/docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/set-insight-generation-window-threshold/), an insight is generated for *each entity* involved. In other words, if each of the signals in a custom insight configuration fire on a different entities, a separate insight is created for each entity. The generated insights will include both the signals that triggered them and any related signals.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, when the conditions of a custom insight configuration are met during the currently configured [detection window](/docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/set-insight-generation-window-threshold/), an insight is generated for *each entity* involved. In other words, if each of the signals in a custom insight configuration fire on different entities, a separate insight is created for each entity. The generated insights will include both the signals that triggered them and any related signals.
```

> By default, when the conditions of a custom insight configuration are met during the currently configured [detection window](/docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/set-insight-generation-window-threshold/), an insight will be generated for *each entity* involved. In other words, if each of the signals in a custom insight configuration fired on a different entity, an insight will be created on each of those entities. The generated insights will include not only the signals that it fired on, but also any related signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when the conditions of a custom insight configuration are met during the currently configured [detection window](/docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/set-insight-generation-window-threshold/), an insight is generated for *each entity* involved. In other words, if each of the signals in a custom insight configuration fire on a different entities, a separate insight is created for each entity. The generated insights will include both the signals that triggered them and any related signals.
```

### For only signals defined in the custom insight

The default way of generating an insight for each entity may result in custom insights containing more signals than you want. Rather than the summation of all signals attached to entities, perhaps you'd like to have those signals trigger insights directly for an immediate and targeted response.

> In that case, under **Strict Signal Configuration** select **Only include the signals defined in this custom insight**. This generates insights only on those signals defined in your custom insight. Any additional signals related to the applicable entity are excluded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, under **Strict Signal Configuration**, select **Only include the signals defined in this custom insight**. This generates insights only on those signals defined in your custom insight. Any additional signals related to the applicable entity are excluded. 
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/strict-signal-configuration-checkbox.png')} alt="Strict Signal Configuration checkbox" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400"/>
 
## Create a custom insight

To create a custom insight:

1. [**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the top menu, select **Content > Custom Insights**. <br/>[**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Cloud SIEM > Custom Insights**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Custom Insights**.  
1. Click **Add Custom Insight** on the **Custom Insights** page.
1. The **Configure the Custom Insight** popup appears. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/custom-insight.png')} alt="Configure an insight" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
1. In the **Name** field, enter a name for the custom insight.
1. If you want the custom insight to be generated based on one or more rules firing signals, jump to step 6, below. Otherwise: 

>    1. Leave the **When Signals are created from the following...** clause set to **Signal names**.

Reviewer: To match the screenshot

```suggestion
   1. Leave the **When Signals are created with the following...** clause set to **Signal names**.
```

   2. Enter an expression that matches the name(s) of the signals of interest. For example: `Critical Severity Intrusion Signature *`
   3. Click **Add**.
   4. If you want to, you can enter one or more additional signal expressions.
   5. If you’ve configured more than one signal expression, use the **in ... order** clause to specify whether the signals must occur in **exact** order, or whether the signals can occur in **any** order. 
1. If you want the custom insight to be generated based on one or more rules firing signals:

>    1. Change the **When Signals are created from the following...** clause to **rule**. 

Reviewer: To match the screenshot

```suggestion
   1. Change the **When Signals are created with the following...** clause to **rule**. 
```
